fix: Prevent handled exceptions to be seen as unhandled by renderer (… (#605)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) -->

## [Unreleased]

> -   Changed `GetDispatchEventTasks` for bubbling events such that handled exceptions are not rethrown later from WaitFor-Helpers.Reported by [@AndrewStrickland](https://github.com/AndrewStrickland). Fixed by [@egil](https://github.com/egil) and [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `GetDispatchEventTasks` for bubbling events such that handled exceptions are not rethrown later from `WaitFor...` helpers methods. Reported by [@AndrewStrickland](https://github.com/AndrewStrickland). Fixed by [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet)
```
